README.md, before:

BDDArticleManager
=================

Description: A Simple program showcasing Cucumber + RSpec

Author: David Gullmarsvik

Layout:
---------
- features: Cucumber features
- spec: RSpec Examples
- lib: Ruby Source Code
	- ArticleRepository: Wrapper around the (non-existant)Persistance layer.
	
	- Article: Represents an article
	
	- ExceptionArticle: Used for Error Handling
	
	- ArticleRecordParser: Used to parse ArticleRecords (CSV-files)
	
	- Controller: Input/Output Manager

Features I'm not satisfied with
---------------------------------

- [ ] ExceptionArticle for ErrorHandling: Not a good solution, and not enough isolation for a bad solution.

- [ ] Main Switch: Should probably use a command pattern instead.

- [ ] Controller acting as both View and Controller: Should be split into two classes.

- [ ] The _specs and step_definitions could use alot of refactoring and more helper methods.

- [ ] No persistent storage

- [ ] No Add Article Command

- [ ] No Export to CSV Command

- [ ] A lot of code duplication between list_details and delete for an article

- [ ] Not enough RSpec Examples... ;)

Commit message:

Added instructions on how to run the program

README.md, after:

BDDArticleManager
=================

Description: A Simple program showcasing Cucumber + RSpec

Author: David Gullmarsvik

To run the program
--------------------

Got o /bin-directory

Mac/Linux, type: ./articlemanager (make sure to 'chmod +x articlemanager' first)

Windows, type: articlemanager.bat (not tested... ;)

Layout:
---------
- features: Cucumber features
- spec: RSpec Examples
- lib: Ruby Source Code
	- ArticleRepository: Wrapper around the (non-existant)Persistance layer.
	
	- Article: Represents an article
	
	- ExceptionArticle: Used for Error Handling
	
	- ArticleRecordParser: Used to parse ArticleRecords (CSV-files)
	
	- Controller: Input/Output Manager

Features I'm not satisfied with
---------------------------------

- [ ] ExceptionArticle for ErrorHandling: Not a good solution, and not enough isolation for a bad solution.

- [ ] Main Switch: Should probably use a command pattern instead.

- [ ] Controller acting as both View and Controller: Should be split into two classes.

- [ ] The _specs and step_definitions could use alot of refactoring and more helper methods.

- [ ] No persistent storage

- [ ] No Add Article Command

- [ ] No Export to CSV Command

- [ ] A lot of code duplication between list_details and delete for an article

- [ ] Not enough RSpec Examples... ;)
